1 billion dollars
Hahaha gibberish
Don't say 1 billion dollars
You can make a lot of money 1 billion a lot of money
Pigs can go up
Third sister, you think too highly of him Lin Fan
As long as he doesn't make losses to the group
That's burning incense
All tree hairs see that this is his Lin Fan's person
Losing money to me and still talking nonsense here
If the group is handed over to such a person to manage
The whole family will pay back sooner or later
Xiaodong Suo Ye is him
Also delusional to compete for the position of deputy director of the Chusheng family
The rest of him should be famous in the family council
Qualification
That's right
Well, sister, don't worry about this master.
Maybe my good brother
Really make 1 billion dollars
Hahahahaha
As Shadow Wishes
Chuangshen tricks